The family chief called an emergency family meeting
Miss Fan Shaoshen, please take a step
eldest sister
You might as well consider what I just said
Whenever and wherever
As long as my sister needs it
Brother, I will do my best
duty-bound
Don't be too complacent
Shit
Chu Sheng Tomorrow After the Family Council
You will be unanimously elected to the family council
Deputy President of the Council
Lin Fan is a stubborn
Rampage won't last long
Lin Fan, tomorrow is your doom
I will make you feel like a lost dog
Get out of Lin's house
Lin Fan, Lin Fan, stop
Even if you pass the level of Genting Heavenly Palace
What about the design line?
But it still can't change you tomorrow
The family council of the family
At that time
Lim Chusheng was unanimously elected as Deputy Minister of Parliament
Family status is deeply ingrained and unshakable
Lin Fan, I'm talking to you, Lin Fan
He, Lin Chusheng, can't be this deputy minister
The unanimous vote of the family council is not what I said
Nalan Long Song
Arrive at Yunhai Restaurant within 10 minutes
I'll give you a chance to go to the sky every week
Three days late
Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce
extinguish